Updated availability information (#6597)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/information-barriers-in-teams.md

- To set up IB policies, see [Define policies for information barriers](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/securitycompliance/information-barriers-policies).

- To edit or remove IB policies, see [Edit (or remove) information barrier policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/information-barriers-edit-segments-policies).

## Availability

> - The feature is available in our public cloud, in Jan 2021, we rolled out Information Barriers in GCC cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The feature is available in our public cloud; in January 2021, we rolled out Information Barriers in the GCC cloud.
```

> - The feature is still not yet available in GCCH and DOD cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The feature is not yet available in the GCCH and DOD clouds.
```
